Update production-checklist.md (#93171)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-edge/production-checklist.md

Some of these firewall rules are inherited from Azure Container Registry. For more information, see [Configure rules to access an Azure container registry behind a firewall](../container-registry/container-registry-firewall-access-rules.md).

> You can enable Dedicated Data Endpoints in your Azure Container registry to avoid wildcard whitelisting of the \*.blob.core.windows.net FQDN. For more information, see [Enable dedicated data endpoints](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-firewall-access-rules#enable-dedicated-data-endpoints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable dedicated data endpoints in your Azure Container registry to avoid wildcard allow-listing of the \*.blob.core.windows.net FQDN. For more information, see [Enable dedicated data endpoints](/azure/container-registry/container-registry-firewall-access-rules#enable-dedicated-data-endpoints).
```
